README.md, before:

MPDN RenderScripts
==================

MediaPlayerDotNet (MPDN) Open Source RenderScripts

MPDN project page - http://forum.doom9.org/showthread.php?t=171120

<H3>Developers</H3>
<ul>
<li>Zachs</li>
<li>Shiandow</li>
</ul>


How to use Render Scripts?
--------------------------

To use these render scripts (compatible with ***MPDN v2.12.0*** and above), click the **Download ZIP** button on the right to download the whole repository.

Then extract the files and folders in the RenderScripts folder (located in RenderScripts-master folder) to your MPDN's RenderScripts folder.


Developing / Debugging Render Scripts
-------------------------------------

The easiest way to develop or debug render scripts is to use Microsoft Visual Studio or similar IDEs.

Follow these simple steps:<ol><li>Create a class library</li><li>Add the following assembly references to your project:<ul><li>`Framework.dll` (from GitHub)</li><li>`RenderScript.dll`<li>`SharpDX.dll`</li><li>`SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll`</li><li>`YAXLib.dll`</li></li></ul></li><li>Set your class library's output folder to MPDN's RenderScripts folder</li><li>Set the program to debug your class library to MediaPlayerDotNet.exe</li><li>You're all set! This allows your IDE to run MPDN which in turn loads your class library (RenderScript plugin) when you start a debug session</li></ol>

You can set breakpoints and step through your code just as you normally would. Intellisense should work too.

Commit message:

Added instructions on using custom linear scalers

README.md, after:

MPDN RenderScripts
==================

MediaPlayerDotNet (MPDN) Open Source RenderScripts

MPDN project page - http://forum.doom9.org/showthread.php?t=171120

<H3>Developers</H3>
<ul>
<li>Zachs</li>
<li>Shiandow</li>
</ul>


How to use Render Scripts?
--------------------------

To use these render scripts (compatible with ***MPDN v2.12.0*** and above), click the **Download ZIP** button on the right to download the whole repository.

Then extract the files and folders in the RenderScripts folder (located in RenderScripts-master folder) to your MPDN's RenderScripts folder.

If you wish to try out the custom linear scaler examples, extract the files in the CustomLinearScalers folder to your MPDN's CustomLinearScalers folder.


Developing / Debugging Render Scripts
-------------------------------------

The easiest way to develop or debug render scripts is to use Microsoft Visual Studio or similar IDEs.

Follow these simple steps:<ol><li>Create a class library</li><li>Add the following assembly references to your project:<ul><li>`Framework.dll` (from GitHub)</li><li>`RenderScript.dll`<li>`SharpDX.dll`</li><li>`SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll`</li><li>`YAXLib.dll`</li></li></ul></li><li>Set your class library's output folder to MPDN's RenderScripts folder</li><li>Set the program to debug your class library to MediaPlayerDotNet.exe</li><li>You're all set! This allows your IDE to run MPDN which in turn loads your class library (RenderScript plugin) when you start a debug session</li></ol>

You can set breakpoints and step through your code just as you normally would. Intellisense should work too.
